[DOCFIX] Add docs on debug logging for RPCs (#11150)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/operation/Server-Logging.md

For more information, refer to the help text of the `logLevel` command by running `./bin/alluxio logLevel`

## Enabling Debug-level Logging for APIs/RPCs

### Logging FUSE API calls

Setting in `conf/log4j.properties`:

```properties
log4j.logger.alluxio.fuse.AlluxioFuseFileSystem=DEBUG
```

> You will see debug logs on the begin and the end of each FUSE API call with its arguments and result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will see debug logs at the beginning and the end of each FUSE API call with its arguments and result
```

in `logs/fuse.log`:

```
2020-03-03 14:33:35,129 DEBUG AlluxioFuseFileSystem - Enter: chmod(path=/aaa,mode=100644)
2020-03-03 14:33:35,131 DEBUG AlluxioFuseFileSystem - Exit (0): chmod(path=/aaa,mode=100644) in 2 ms
2020-03-03 14:33:35,132 DEBUG AlluxioFuseFileSystem - Enter: getattr(path=/aaa)
2020-03-03 14:33:35,135 DEBUG AlluxioFuseFileSystem - Exit (0): getattr(path=/aaa) in 3 ms
2020-03-03 14:33:35,138 DEBUG AlluxioFuseFileSystem - Enter: getattr(path=/._aaa)
2020-03-03 14:33:35,140 DEBUG AlluxioFuseFileSystem - Failed to get info of /._aaa, path does not exist or is invalid
2020-03-03 14:33:35,140 DEBUG AlluxioFuseFileSystem - Exit (-2): getattr(path=/._aaa) in 2 ms
```

### Logging RPCs Calls Sent by Client

> Add to your application-side `log4j.properties` to capture RPCs between Alluxio client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following to your application-side `log4j.properties` to capture RPCs between the Alluxio client
```

and FileSystem Master:

```properties
log4j.logger.alluxio.client.file.FileSystemMasterClient=DEBUG
```

Similarly, capture lower-level RPCs between Alluxio client and Block Master:

```properties
log4j.logger.alluxio.client.block.BlockMasterClient=DEBUG
```

> You will see debug logs on the begin and the end of each RPC with its arguments and result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will see debug logs at the beginning and end of each RPC with its arguments and result
```

> in client logs like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the client logs like the following:
```

```
2020-03-03 15:56:40,115 DEBUG FileSystemMasterClient - Enter: GetStatus(path=/.DS_Store,options=loadMetadataType: ONCE
commonOptions {
  syncIntervalMs: -1
  ttl: -1
  ttlAction: DELETE
}
)
2020-03-03 15:56:40,117 DEBUG FileSystemMasterClient - Exit (ERROR): GetStatus(path=/.DS_Store,options=loadMetadataType: ONCE
commonOptions {
  syncIntervalMs: -1
  ttl: -1
  ttlAction: DELETE
}
) in 2 ms: alluxio.exception.status.NotFoundException: Path "/.DS_Store" does not exist.
```

### Logging RPC Calls Received by Masters

> On master, one can turn on the debug-level RPC logging for File System level RPC calls (e.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the master, debug-level RPC logging for File System level RPC calls can be turned on (e.g.,
```

> creating/reading/writing/removing files, updating file attributions) using `logLevel` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
creating/reading/writing/removing files, updating file attributions) using the `logLevel` command:
```

```console
$ ./bin/alluxio logLevel \
--logName=alluxio.master.file.FileSystemMasterClientServiceHandler \
--target master --level=DEBUG
```

> Similarly, turn on the debug-level logging for Block related RPC calls (e.g., adding/removing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, turn on the debug-level logging for block related RPC calls (e.g., adding/removing
```

blocks):

```console
# For Block Master logging:
$ ./bin/alluxio logLevel \
--logName=alluxio.master.block.BlockMasterClientServiceHandler \
--target master --level=DEBUG
```

### Identifying Expensive Client RPCs / FUSE calls

When debugging the performance, it is often useful to understand which RPCs take most of the time
but without recording all the communication (e.g., enabling all debug logging). There are two
properties introduced in v2.3.0 in Alluxio to record expensive calls or RPCs in logs with WARN
level. For example, setting the following in `conf/alluxio-site.properties` will record client-side

> RPCs taking more than 200ms and FUSE APIs taking more than 1s:

Reviewer: Please put each sentence on a new line in this paragraph

Author: fixed
